The Joe Rogan experience.
Another thing in once upon a time in Hollywood that got controversial was the
Bruce Lee scenes. Yeah. Yeah. A lot of people felt like you,
you made Bruce Lee into an.
Yeah. Well, okay. That's again, I'm a little hesitant to talk about this.
Cause I don't want this to be the only thing that people pull from from this
show, but I figured you were going to bring it up, especially,
cause I've heard you guys go back and forth on it a little bit. I mean,
where I'm coming from is
I can understand his daughter having a problem with it.
It's her father. All right. I get that. But anybody else? Oh, suck a Dick.
You know, and the thing about it though, is, you know, like, you know,
even if you just look at it, it's obvious cliff, cliff tricked him.
That's how he is able to do it. He tricked him, you know, it's like, it's,
it's, it's explained more in the book, but the thing is like they, they do,
they do, uh, uh, three fall, uh, two falls out of three contests.
So cliff loves like that, you know? Uh,
and he has a method and his method is to give the guy the first fall.
Okay. Do your move, dude. Right? Let me see your move. All right.
And he gives them no resistance whatsoever. The guy does the move.
You knocked him on his and cliff. And then there's,
there's like four different ways.
Bruce could've come at him the second time that cliff would have had very little
defense against. But most of the time,
if, if a guy has a particular move and it looks like the guy's a lung kid,
just a big mouth who can't really defend himself, they do the second move again.
I mean, did they do the first move again? Second time? Well,
now cliff knows what it is. So we prepare us for it. He pivots, he catches him.
He throws his into the car. Right. You know?
And now the third time will be the charming. It gets broken up,
but he just tricked him. And Bruce realized he got tricked.
If it hadn't been so vicious, he could have even appreciated. Do you know about.
The history of oh.
Yeah. Jane Jean LaBelle. Yeah, of course. Did you research that?
I've always known it and everything and like,
well the stuntman hated Bruce really on, on, uh, on, uh, on, uh, green Hornet.
No, it's in the, it's a Matthew Polly's book. And before that,
I it's always been known. That's why Jean LaBelle was brought on the teach,
Bruce respect for American stem and Bruce had nothing but disrespect for
stuntman. And he was always hitting them.
He was always hitting them with this feat. He was always tagging.
It's called tagging. Uh, when you, when you hit a stunt man for real,
and he was always tagging them with his feet and he was always tagging him with
his fist and they, and they, and they got to be the point where like, no,
I refuse to work with him.
And he had nothing but disrespect for American stuntman.
Huh? That's interesting. I wonder what that was about.
I wonder what his perspective would have been.
If somebody asked him to explain it.
Uh, it's like a bow. They're just not good enough. They're they're.
Mm I'm going to make it look real.
Okay. So he was hitting them to make it look real. Yeah. Yeah.
But they don't like that.
No, that's unprofessional.
Well, that is unprofessional.
But that's been done before in a bunch of movies by people that people say are.
Yeah.
Yeah. And well, yeah. And, and, um, you know,
and actually somebody else who had a reputation pretty similar to Bruce Lee's in
that regards was like Robert Conrad. Oh yeah. During that time. Yeah.
And you know, he did a lot of his own stunts and he did some really,
really gnarly. But if you, and I'm always been a big fan of Robert Conrad,
but you know, in the stunt community,
he was known as Robert never met a stuntman. He couldn't blame Conrad. Mm.
The stunt world is a crazy world because they're the people that occasionally
die making movies. Yeah, absolutely. Which is just nuts.
The thing about it is also
cliff is a hand to hand combat killer.
He, you know, he fought in world war II. He fought with the, uh,
Filipino resistant fighters, you know, uh,
in the Philippines against the Japanese.
If cliff fought Bruce Lee at one of Aaron Banks's Madison
square garden tournaments,
cliff wouldn't stand a chance against Bruce Lee at a Madison square garden,
martial arts tournament. But in as like killer,
who has killed men before in a jungle, he'd kill Bruce Lee.
He kill him, Bruce. Lee's not a killer Bruce.
Lee's never really let loose on anybody.
He's always had to keep it together in a martial arts tournament. Kind of,
kind of kind of way. If he's actually facing a guy who could actually kill him,
that's a different story. You know, it's, it's, it's in the book.
Bruce Lee realizes when cliff takes a hand-to-hand, uh,
a military hand-to-hand combat stance, you know, he realized, oh,
this guy's a killer. This guy's not fighting me.
He's fighting his instinct to kill me.
Catch new episodes of the Joe Rogan experience for free. Only on Spotify,
watch back catalog J R E videos on Spotify,
including clips easily seamlessly switch between video
and audio experience on Spotify.
You can listen to the JRE in the background while using other apps and can
download episodes to save on data costs. All for free.
Spotify is absolutely free.
You don't have to have a premium account to watch new JRE episodes.
You just need to search for the JRE on your Spotify app.
Go to Spotify now to get this full episode of the Joe Rogan expenses.